This small package provides a means of accessing all features (plus scaling) of an extension of the txfont typewriter fonts as a typewriter font family to accompany any other chosen font packages. These are serifed typewriter faces that are taller and heavier than Latin Modern Typewriter and much heavier than Courier.


Current version: 1.055


As the fonts on which these were based are licensed under GPL 3.0, so are the fonts in 
this package. More specifically, the fonts in this package are covered by the GNU 
General Public License (GPL) with a special exception. See http://www.gnu.org/licenses/licenses.html#GPL
for the details of GPL. The special exception is as follows:

   Permission is granted to include the fonts
   in a document in the Postscript, PDF, or any other
   formats that may be displayed or printed using these
   fonts, regardless of the licensing condition applied
   to the document itself.
   
The support files are subject to the LaTeX Project Public License. See 
http://www.ctan.org/license/lppl1.3
for the details of that license.

Changes in version 1.055
Corrected word-spacing parameters, broken in the prior version. (Thanks Yudai Nakata.)

Changes in version 1.054
Some small changes in widths of \textendash and \textemdash.

Changes in version 1.053
Corrected for missing \textendash and \textemdash in T1 encoding. (Thanks J.F. Burnol.)

Changes in version 1.052
Corrected a BlueValues metric in newtxbtt.pfb.

Changes in version 1.051
Corrected a bug in the T1 fd files from v1.05 that showed up only under some special circumstances. Thanks, Evan Cooch.

Changes in version 1.05
1. Added a Knuthian zero more like a rounded oblong. Set this using the option zerostyle=e.
2. Changed figures in small caps fonts to oldstyle. There are five styles for oldstyle zero, conrolled jst as for lining figures.
3. Added a straightquotes option whose effect is to change the quote style from curly to straight.
4. Added options ttdefault, ttzdefault whose effects are to change the default text font to \ttfamily, \ttzfamily repectively.
 
Changes in version 1.03
Corrected an error in t1newtxttz.fd, thanks to J-F Burnol.

Changes in version 1.02
1. Corrected an error in newtxtt.sty. \let\ttdefault\ttsdefault->\let\ttdefault\ttzdefault
2. Added missing newtxttz*.tfm files. (Thanks to J-F Burnol who spotted these two issues.)
3. Fixed an error in ts1newtxttz.fd, line 28.

Changes in version 1.01
Added variant versions of the tfm files which are not monospaced though they share the same glyphs and glyph widths. The variant version permits hyphenation and has spacing more like a text font, so that it can be used to achieve right-justified blocks of text with a typewritten appearance. See the documentation for details.

Please send comments and bug reports or suggestions for improvement to

msharpe at ucsd dot edu